Duong H Chau
CSC 142
Assignment 4 : Report (challenge version)
5/6/12

Explain why setLocation "works to expectations" for MyHouse and MyTree with no additional coding
required. This is shown in the behavior of change2.

  Because the instances are created in a whole, and built within Nscc Components restricted area.
  so when the setLocation is called, it moves the position of the Nscc Components that contain
  the houses trees. so there is no need to have any addition coding to setLocation of each part of a house

Explain why setSize does not "work to expectations" for MyHouse and MyTree as inherited from 
NsccComponent. This is shown in the behavior of change3.

  Because the instances are created in a whole, and built within Nscc Components restricted area.
  so when the setSize is called, it only changes the sizes of the NScc Components that contain
  the houses and trees. it won't change the sizes of a house or a tree, it just reduces or expands
  the NsccComponents.

Explain what specific changes must be made to the MyHouse and MyTree classes to get change3 to 
work "to specification". This includes a high-level outline for the implementations for any 
methods that must be modified or added to the classes.

  in order for method change3 to change the sizes of trees and houses. Myhouse and MyTree class
  need modify that the houses and trees need to be in a same sizes as their component. and set
  that when the size of the component changes, the sizes of trees and houses change as well.

How did you approach (get started with) this assignment?

  i read through the intruction and started writing step by step.

What works and what doesn't work?

  everything works fine in this program.

What problems did you encounter as you worked on this assignment?

  I tried to rewrite the constructor to create a new house. But first time, there wasn't a door
  appeared on the screen.
  I did not know how to make the answer simplier.

What did you learn from this assignment? What would you do differently next time?

  I learnt to overload constructors and call method/constructor from another class.
  I would 