Duong H Chau
CSC 142
Lab3 : Constructors
04/19/12

1) Why do the declaration and instantiation need to come first? 

    because in order to use call a method. we must have a variable and its type
    , also need to instantiate it because with out instantiation, we can't do
    anything to that varible.

2) One of these four methods must be called first. Which one? 

    the buildSnowman method must be called first.

3) Does the order of the other method calls matter for the appearance of the completed snowman? 

    the order of the other method calls does not matter because each of them does
    different tasks of making a snowman and they don't overlap.

4) Briefly state why the method you identified in 2) must be called first. 

    the buildSnowman must be called first because this method creates a window
    for programmers to draw in. Also without the body being drawed first,
    the others cannot be drawed due to them being the decoration to the body.

5) How does adding this constructor change the behavior of the SnowmanII class? Explain. 

    Adding this constructor makes it does not matter for the main function to call which methods first 
    or in a certain order. Because the SnowmanII class is now always calls the method(s) 
    within the contructor first in this case it is the buildSnowman method

6) Does this version of SnowmanII behave any differently than the one you created for question 5? Explain.

    It is different than the last version. This version makes the buildSnowman methods become a
    constructor, which means this makes all the variable created in that methods becomes 
    available to be shared to other methods.

7) What would happen if only the return type was removed from the method you identified in question 2? Explain. 
    
    When try to run the program after making that change, the compiler would not allow
    because without the return type the method would not know which kind of information to give
    back then it's called.

8) What would happen if only the name of the method was changed? Explain.
    
    Notthing really will happen. this change basically just rename the name of that mothod
    The class will compile and run normally as long as the programmer calls the right name
    of method in the main function.